Jaehun agreed to let you come out?
Soohyung.
Do you know what's the relationship
between Jaehun and Minwoo?
Why?
Why don't you just ask him?
Are you afraid of
you'd hear an answer you don't want to,
or
do you not believe what he says?
I asked Jaehun.
He said there's nothing between them.
But...
Do friends act like that with each other?
Well...
There are many kinds of friendships.
Some friends just have fun together.
Some friends lick each other's wounds.
Some friends are pure and honest,
with no ulterior motives.
And some friends let their guard down
in times of need
and keep each other's bodies warm.
The three of us are childhood friends,
but as for their relationship,
isn't it better to ask them directly?
Didn't you say you don't drink?
Soohyung.
What do you think about
my relationship with Jaehun?
Jaehun said...
he loved me.
But...
What is love?
Is such oppression love?
I don't understand him.
Right now,
he's in a stable mood,
and I'm obedient
and cheerful,
so he likes me.
But...
what if I'm no longer cheerful?
Then, will he still love me back?
In my opinion,
Han Jaehun
is serious about you.
This drug is mild,
and basically has no side effects.
It relaxes you,
and makes you drop your guard.
It empties your mind
and heightens sensory perception.
You can put it in wine or water.
It's basically colorless and tasteless.
Maybe
this is a surefire way
to resolve your queries.
Of course, whether you use it or not
is up to you.
I'm just providing you with a suggestion.
However,
living in constant suspicion and anxiety
is too agonizing,
isn't it?
I've paid the bill.
Take your time to think about it.
Shall I call you a taxi?
I'm good.
Bye then.
Goodness, what is this?
Jaehun.
Hi.
Haejun.
What's wrong?
Why did you drink so much?
Jaehun.
Do you love me?
You can't answer...
I guess you don't love me.
You're drunk.
Let's talk about it later.
When is "later"?
You say you love me,
so how can you do that with Yoon Minwoo?
How many times must I tell you
that there's nothing between him and me?
You said that before, but...
That's what you always say to me.
OK, OK.
How much do you love me?
Yes, I love you.
Do you love me to the moon and back?
I really love you.
OK.
I love you.
What did you eat while drinking?
Nothing.
Then why are you so heavy?
I really didn't.
Goodness, don't lie.
I really didn't eat.
Eat less supper.
I said I didn't eat much.
Jaehun.
Where are you?
I'm here.
Jaehun.
Haejun.
Who did you drink with to get this drunk?
Jaehun!
Do you really love me?
Of course.
My Haejun.
I'm not saying this because you're drunk.
Even if you forget
and ask me again tomorrow morning,
my answer will still be the same.
I'm not saying this
because of our contract
or because
you're younger than me.
I love you
because you're you, Kim Haejun.
Then...
prove it to me.
You're awake.
My head hurts.
I don't remember
what happened last night.
Well,
how about I jog your memory?
No need.
You were drunk last night.
You kept asking me if I love you or not.
There's more. I'll help you recall it.
No, no.
It's OK. You can stop here.
Stop teasing me!
Put this first,
then add butter and mix it together.
And water...
It's so hard.
Do you have to study recipes
to make some cookies?
Of course.
You've always been baking by feel.
Look.
With butter,
its softness is crucial.
When you press it with your fingers,
it should make a slight dent.
If the ratio of sugar to flour
is even slightly different,
the taste will be totally different.
It's my first time
baking gingerbread cookies.
Of course I have to do it properly.
What if I say
I'll make it by feel,
will you trust me
or the recipe more?
Then,
let's make a bet.
A bet?
I'll make it according to the recipe,
and you by feel.
Let's see whose cookies are better.
The appearance is important,
but the taste is the most important.
Then,
what's the punishment?
How about the loser agrees to a request?
Nothing too unreasonable...
Acting like a puppy?
Sure.
Deal. Let's go with that.
OK.
Don't peek at my recipe.
I don't need to, OK?
Turn around. I'll tie your apron for you.
OK.
My hand!
My hand.
Is it done?
You look good.
I know.
You know?
You can start first.
OK, I'll start.
No peeking.
OK.
You shouldn't do that.
I'm doing just fine.
Don't peek!
Good luck then.
Can you pass me a cookie cutter?
Hurry up and start.
Jaehun, look at me.
Argh, no.
Just once!
No, a little later.
A little later?
Yeah.
I need to make my cookies.
Ah.
A little later?
Jaehun.
Hmm?
Come here.
Why?
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
Close your eyes.
Don't do anything weird.
I won't.
Don't move.
Don't do it!
Don't move!
You're a kitty cat now.
Seriously?
Aren't you bold?
Come here.
No, I don't want to.
I'll make it cute.
Very cute.
Do it then.
What is this? Am I crying?
I'll put more on you.
No, no.
Your nose.
You need a cat nose.
OK, then...
Right here.
That isn't my nose.
What are you doing?
You look so silly.
Where are you aiming at?
Looking good.
Come here.
Are you done?
Yeah.
I want to do some more.
Don't.
Calm down.
Calm down?
It's done!
It's so hot.
Come here.
Strange.
Why do yours look nicer than mine?
Let's taste it.
OK.
Open your mouth.
Oh, right,
my teacher, Mr. Kang,
will be here tomorrow.
Should we leave some for him?
Your teacher, Mr. Kang?
Yeah.
When did he become
Mr. Kang?
Well,
he gives me drawing lessons.
It's the end of the year.
It's nice to hang out together.
Fine, have your lessons.
Are you mad?
Look at me.
You're so sly,
huh?
Are you still mad?
Try the cookies.
Draw this like this.
Mr. Kang.
Do you have to stand there and watch?
I can't stand you.
This is my house.
It's none of your business where I stand.
What?
Am I interrupting your lesson?
Aren't you a professional?
Is this the time to joke?
Soohyung.
Yeah?
Have dinner with us.
Should I?
Why? It'd be nice.
You're free anyway.
Right.
It's late. Eat before you go.
Haejun.
Why do you want to have dinner with him?
Because it's Christmas.
It's lively with more people.
But I
want to just spend time with you.
Are you crazy?
Soohyung is watching.
He can't see us.
Darn you.
You're doing this on purpose.
Hey, Kim.
It looks like
Jaehun's heart is set
and there's no turning back.
I've done everything I could.
But
in the end, people do change.
I've got a call.
I'm hanging up.
Hey, Minwoo.
I'm leaving.
You're leaving?
You came back not long ago.
Not spending Christmas with us?
There's nothing I want here.
I thought I could
have fun with Han Jaehun,
but he's become more boring.
I thought he'd be stuck in his own ways,
so it'd be fun to throw him a problem
every now and then
and see how it shake things up.
To see him struggle.
But I was wrong.
He didn't become boring.
He's found stability.
He's started living a normal life,
learning how to love someone.
They're emotions,
cheesy and annoying emotions,
that he never felt in the past.
But it's enough to watch it once or twice.
It got boring after a while.
Don't tell me
you've fallen for him?
What are you talking about?
I'm not like you.
To be specific,
I'm more interested in
Kim Haejun than Han Jaehun.
He's like a pure blank slate,
such that I want to stain him.
See him waver
amid moral dilemmas and anxiety,
and then,
slowly he's tinted with
different shades of color.
It's a way tougher process
and more gratifying.
You really haven't changed at all.
How long will you be away?
When are you coming back?
Who knows?
Maybe tomorrow.
Maybe never.
It depends on my mood.
I'll go wherever anyone entices me,
or where there's work.
But I'm done seeing
those two being lovey-dovey.
Minwoo.
You should give up too.
Don't torture yourself by wasting time
on something futile.
It'll only eat you up inside.
Learn to let go sometimes
and change your target.
You'll find the world is
bigger than you think.
That's all. Bye.
Soohyung has left.
He won't come to teach me anymore.
Did he tell you?
No.
He didn't tell me
when he left before either.
That's how he's like.
He only looks for excitement
and wants to have fun.
Once it's no longer stimulating,
he leaves without hesitation.
He is irresponsible
and doesn't know what a promise is.
Don't think too much.
He's really unusual.
It's only us two now.
Why do you make it sound like
you were trying to chase them away?
Aren't they your friends?
But
it's true that
I got to know you better
through them.
Even if...
I'm not a perfect person,
you won't be disappointed, right?
No one is perfect.
You were never perfect anyway.
You always frown.
You look like a thug when you don't smile.
From what you're saying,
I have nothing but flaws, huh?
Well, at least,
you're good in bed.
Then...
I've to make sure I pleasure you well.
OK.
Your kissing skills have improved so much.
This drug is mild,
and basically has no side effects.
It relaxes you,
and makes you drop your guard.
What effects
does this drug have?
What's wrong?
Nothing.
Strange.
Why isn't it working?
Am I the only one who feels hot?
It's a little hot here.
I'll go rest in my room.
Jaehun.
What's wrong?
Are you feeling unwell?
Something is off.
Then...
I'll help you feel better.
You did this, didn't you?
No wonder I felt something was off.
I wanted to show you
how I feel about you.
Tonight,
we're doing it for as long as I want.
[Tide of Love 2]